refactor(gitpod): Remote Development (#21007)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/remote-development.md

> - Editing the docs

Reviewer: Lines 36-39 can be edited we know Gitpod and GitHub Codespaces behave the same for development work.

- Running ESLint, Prettier

> To invoke renovte:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to run Renovate:
```

> - Define Gitpod [Environment Variable](https://gitpod.io/user/variables) RENOVATE_TOKEN. Populate it with your GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your Gitpod account
1. Create a [Gitpod environment variable](https://gitpod.io/user/variables) called `RENOVATE_TOKEN` and copy your GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT) into it
```

> To invoke renovte:
> 
> - Define Gitpod [Environment Variable](https://gitpod.io/user/variables) RENOVATE_TOKEN. Populate it with your GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT)
> - Run: `yarn run start`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can run Renovate in Gitpod, you must do this **one-time** setup:

1. Log in to your Gitpod account
1. Create a [Gitpod environment variable](https://gitpod.io/user/variables) called `RENOVATE_TOKEN`
1. Copy your GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT) into the `RENOVATE_TOKEN`

Now you can run Renovate in Gitpod by with `yarn run start`.
```

> For proper development, use GitHub Codespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We can drop this line once we confirm that Gitpod and GitHub Codespaces behave the same when developing Renovate.

> The config file for Gitpod is `.gitpod.yml` in the root of the repository.

Reviewer: We have a section talking about "Known problems with Gitpod". Can you still reproduce these with your newer config?
